===============================================================================
SPDX-License-Identifier: 0BSD

Zero-Clause BSD (https://opensource.org/licenses/0BSD)

Copyright 2018 Andrew Dennison, Patrick Oppenlander and others.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
===============================================================================

This project is forked from Prex (http://prex.sourceforge.net) written by
Kohsuke Ohtani. All remaining Prex files contain their original license &
copyright notices.

Authors & contributors to Apex include:

Andrew Dennison
Patrick Oppenlander
Richard Tucker

While not reflected in the git history, significant portitions of the "Initial
apex refactor" commit were contributed by Andrew Dennison.

Parts of this project are derived from other open source projects with
compatible permissive licenses.

The libcxxrt directory contains a fork of the PathScale implementation of the
C++ ABI located at https://github.com/libcxxrt/libcxxrt. It is licensed under
the BSD-2-Clause license.

The libc++ directory contains a fork of of the LLVM C++ standard library
located at https://git.llvm.org/git/libcxx. It is licensed under the Apache-2.0
license.

The cpu/nxp/imxrt10xx/tools/blhost file is copied from the MCUXpresso SDK for
the i.MX RT1060 CPU available from https://mcuxpresso.nxp.com. The source code
for this tool is licensed under the BSD-3-Clause license.

The cpu/nxp/imxrt10xx/tools/ivt_flashloader.bin is built from a modified
version of the MCUXpresso SDK for the i.MX RT1060 CPU located at
https://github.com/apexrtos/imxrt1060_flashloader. The source code for this
binary is licensed under the BSD-3-Clause license.

All other files which have no copyright comments are original works written by
one of the contributors listed above. Details on authorship of individual
files can be found in the git version control history of the project. The
omission of copyright and license comments in each file is in the interest of
source tree size.
